Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, okay.
You okay?
What the hell are you doing?
Is she really worth it?
You're just gonna throw away a partnership like that?
The Croft Corporation will never do business with scum, like you ever again.
You okay?
Mr. Croft.
It's nothing.
You cancelled a billion dollar partnership because of me.
It just seems like a big loss.
You're really talking about the deal right now?
I'm just, I'm afraid I might have caused myself this job.
It's not gonna happen, okay?
We're my secretary.
Someone messes with you.
You, they mess with me.
Is Band-Aid?
What, Mr. Croft?
Nothing.
Mr. Croft, you don't want to drive me.
You don't have to take it out on me.
Ellie?
Did you just tap your nose?
Is tapping your nose against the law now?
No.
What is going on?
Why does Elise keep reminding me of Ellie?
Let's go.
Where are we going?
My grandma's house.
I'm going to bring my fiance to meet her.
Mr. Croft?
Won't it be a bit awkward if I'm there
while your significant other meets your grandma?
Secretary Elise, are you just going to stand there
and watch me carry all these?
Oh, no, Mr. Croft.
I've got it.
Mr. Croft, you are a wealthy, good-looking, and kind man.
Mrs. Croft must be pretty amazing to have caught your eye.
Well, in my eye, she's more than just amazing.
How did you two meet?
20 years ago.
You know, she saved my life once.
Childhood sweetheart's.
Must be a pretty tight one.
Well, who is this other woman?
Another one trying to get with Clyde?
You know, after she saved my life, I went abroad.
And we actually reunited recently.
Sounds a lot like my story.
Minus the tragedy.
Clyde, honey.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
I know my sister's young lady.
Eleanor?
It's you.
Elise.
Eleanor is my fiance.
But I thought you two were best friends you didn't know.
Eleanor, you were single when we were trying on wedding dresses,
and now you're engaged to my boss?
What are you talking about?
Oh.
At last.
Then why was Elise at the shop?
She was accompanying me.
I told you, Elise has always had this weird thing about trying
to take everything away from me that I loved.
And I thought she might make a move on you,
so that's why I didn't tell her about us.
Elise is not that kind of person.
See?
You've only known her for a few days,
and she's already got you taking her side.
Elise is a pro at manipulating men.
You're not falling further, are you?
Oh, hey, come on.
I promised to marry you.
I wouldn't even glance at another woman.
Good, because she is a gossip, OK?
From now on, we cannot discuss our relationship with her.
OK.
You're best.
Eleanor, what's going on?
It's kind of a funny story.
Clyde asked me to marry him when we were kids,
and I just never really took him seriously.
But we reconnected, and I realized how amazing he is.
And look, I just wanted to make sure
that we were stable enough before I told you about us.
And that's the truth.
Just don't lie to me again or we threw.
He calls me Elise, isn't it?
So cute.
Yeah, super cute.
Hey, what's inside?
No, don't worry about it.
It's my job.
Clyde, what are we doing here?
I've seen my grandmother.
You know, she's been talking about you for the past 20
years, ever since I met you.
What this old woman has seen Elise before?
Clyde, can we please take a rain check?
I'm not ready for this.
Clyde, where's my Ellie?
Grandma, this is Ellie.
Eleanor.
This isn't the girl that saved you.
But this girl, she looks more like Ellie.
This girl looks like Ellie.
You were just a little thing 20 years ago.
Now you're all grown up and so pretty.
I think you're mistaken.
You have the wrong person.
Don't you think you can fool me?
This young lady doesn't look a thing like Ellie
when she was a kid.
You know, maybe it's just that I have one of those faces.
Yeah, Grandma, I'm the real Ellie.
Clyde, how could you mistake me for some meals?
Oh, dear.
Well, maybe I am getting forgetful.
Let's go inside.
Excuse yourselves.
So nice to see you two together again.
Well, I am thrilled to be reunited with Clyde.
Aside from the jewelry, you have the title
to a helicopter and three airlines,
all for your engagement.
All for me?
And when you and Clyde get married,
private island.
Very, thank you.
You are at the Clyde.
We are going to have the most perfect life together.
Wonderful.
Make sure you pick up a great day for Sarah.
Well, Clyde is the man with the plan, right, honey?
You OK?
You two are good to go.
Good.
You had your chance.
This is all mine now.
By the way, how's the pocket watch?
Was the photo of Ellie OK?
Yeah, it's fine.
The photo, you look so much like Elise.
Thank God Clyde didn't notice.
You were such a cutie pie as a kid.
I wonder what happened.
Don't feel bad.
Even though you're not as pretty as before,
you're still a good kid.
She really has changed quite a bit.
Well, Ellie, before your engagement,
why don't you move in with Clyde?
You've got a lot of catching up to do.
Clyde, would it be OK if I'm moving with you?
I would really like to get Zoe better.
Yeah.
Let's do it.
You can move into my place.
I am going to seal the deal and become
Mrs. Croft in every sense of the word.
Oh, Clyde.
Where's that?
It's me.
Ellie, are you OK?
I'm fine.
Today, it doesn't hurt, it's fine.
Well, let's just, first of all, we should take care of your eye
for it gets worse.
Yeah, it's my aid doesn't hurt at all.
No, I mean, we really should check it out.
I mean, you can get back.
You're OK, I just, I really, I really want it.
I put your eye on me.
Let's check it out.
Is that bad?
It's, I mean, it's, yeah.
My God.
Yeah.
Why do I keep dreaming about Elise?
This meeting is critical.
If I can pin this on Elise, she'll
be out of craft corporation for good.
Then that job will be fine.
Hot coffee coming through.
Oh, these are the documents for the company meeting.
Shh.
And we don't have time to put in new ones.
Elise, you messed up the meeting.
I'll explain it to Mr. Croft.
You think that your pathetic apology will
make Mr. Croft go easy on you?
In your dreams, you're good as God, Missy.
What's going on here?
You're screwed.
Mr. Croft, you ruined the documents.
Now she's trying to play the victim.
What happened?
Mr. Croft, she.
Back off.
You OK?
Back.
Anything.
Get the car ready.
What just happened?
I've never seen Mr. Croft treating anyone like that.
The way he's carrying her is by carrying a bride.
And their eyes are like, if Mr. Croft finds out
I spilled the water, I'm screwed.
How is she?
It's nothing serious.
You're good to go.
Thanks, Doug.
You know, I think we should keep her here for another day,
just to be sure.
Actually, I'm fine.
I promise you, Mr. Croft, there's nothing to worry about.
No, I insist I want her to be 100%.
Sure.
Thank you.
Why is he overreacting?
He seems to really care about him.
Stop it, Elise.
He's Eleanor's fiance.
All right.
I ruined those files, so I need to check if there's back.
Files are all backed up.
Nothing's going to affect our work.
That is a relief.
You know what?
Why don't you take a few days off?
No need to come into the office.
Mr. Croft, can I count those as my sick days?
I don't want to miss out on a paycheck.
Are you really worried about a few extra bucks?
Well, yes.
With the cost of living these days,
and there's my Uber rides, and I need that,
and Boba would be nice.
Yeah?
Please?
Don't worry.
I'll make sure you get your paycheck.
Thank you, Mr. Croft.
Mr. Croft.
What are you doing here?
Elise, I owe you an apology.
For what?
No, no.
I just tripped over something.
It's not your fault.
I'm so sorry.
I rushed you back there.
We were in such a time crunch, and I really shouldn't have done that.
I really shouldn't have done that.
Well, that's just a part of the job.
No.
No job is worth risking an employee's safety.
Right.
Hey, look at me.
This cannot happen again.
Yes, Mr. Croft.
Oh my god, what's going on?
They said you were in the hospital, but I'm so worried.
First, all the weird stuff going on between Mr. Croft and Elise,
and now this lady.
Yeah, I'm fine.
It's, you know what?
Oh my god, Elise.
I take good tumble, but it's fine.
Mr. Croft got me.
Oh my god, are you all right?
I'll be fine.
I'm just going to rest for a couple of days.
It's not a big deal.
Mr. Croft, thank you.
You can get back to what you were doing.
Yeah, Clyde.
I'll stay with Elise in the chat for a little bit.
Hey, Rod, can you make sure that you drive my fiance back
when she's done?
Yes, Mr. Croft.
Ma'am, I'll be waiting for you outside.
I look forward to being of service to you.
Elise, you sure know how to make me onward?
I'm fine.
Well, you still had me on pins and needles.
It was just a little accident.
It was nothing.
Listen, why don't you just quit your job?
Whatever they're paying you, I will match it.
Are you trying to be my sugar mama now?
We had a deal, right?
Whoever gets ahead first will take care of the other,
and Clyde's been really generous.
I don't know, that's nice, but that was just great work.
I prefer to make my own money.
But working such a grind, I could see my girl go through that.
Working is tough, but it makes me feel safe.
Yeah, well, I just want a guy who has my back,
but showers me in person and jewelry.
Eleanor, people change.
You can't always count on a guy.
Yes, but I have a good feeling about Clyde.
He's a keeper.
Listen, Elise, there is something that I should tell you about.
What is it?
There's no secrets between us, you can tell me.
I know that you're Clyde's secretary,
but ever since you started working that job,
I've heard some ugly rumors about you two.
Eleanor, I swear Mr. Croft and I are purely professional.
I know, but you know how rumors go.
So why don't you just quit?
Quit your job.
I don't care about some silly gossip.
Okay, but I do.
Eleanor, I love my job and I'm not quitting.
That's here, I won't leave you guys to it.
Afternoon, ma'am.
Right this way, please.
ma'am, you're home.
Watch your head.
I know your place.
I like you.
Your wish is my command.
Really?
Well, at least we'll be back at work the day after tomorrow, right?
Yes.
Perfect.
Then I will be there too.
Tie time, everybody knows exactly who Clyde's future wife is.
Mrs. Croft is here.
Good morning, Mrs. Croft.
He's up, folks.
I am still Clyde's fiance.
Just Ellie is fine.
Good morning, Mrs. Sally.
Stop, stop, stop.
I am just like you guys.
I am just dressed head to toe and product.
Well, I made you guys some cookies.
Dig in.
Down.
This is the best cookie I've ever had.
Oh, stop, Ellie.
Yours, orders, and cameras are totally meant to be.
Wow, totally meant to be.
Speaking of, Clyde, I am going to go find him.
I will see you guys later.
They expect Mr. Croft's fiance to be Mrs. Ellie.
I've always thought it leads a Mr. Croft.
Cut the crap.
Everyone knows that Mr. Croft has a special someone.
And that person is Mrs. Ellie.
He's put her on a pedestal.
Besides, Mr. Croft is a good guy.
It's unfortunate how many sneaky gold diggers
he has to fight off every day.
Are you talking about me?
Mr. Croft would never give you the time of day.
Yeah, and Mr. Croft's actual fiance is gorgeous and generous.
You think, just because Mr. Croft helped you one time
that you've made it into high society?
No, you misunderstand.
I'm Ellie's best friend.
Mr. Croft only helped me because of her.
Mr. Croft?
At least.
Probably didn't help her to get lost.
I think that we should protect her.
What's with the jitters?
Not what it looks like.
I tripped.
And Mr. Croft caught me.
No need to explain.
Just messing with you.
The two people in this world that I trust the most.
My best friend.
My loving fiance.
Right, honey?
Of course.
In my fiance.
I would never dream of anything else.
Um, you know what, why don't you go home?
Ellie, wait for me.
Right?
Well, Ellie and I, we still have some business to attend to, so.
Clients from Italy.
If we close this deal, we'll double your bonus.
You can trust me, Mr. Croft.
I know I can.
Ms. Croft.
Find a way to tank her project and ruin that deal.
I want her to crash and burn.
You got it, Ms. Croft.
I can't wait to see you fall on your face with your stupid deal and Mr. deal.
Good morning, Mr. Croft.
Good morning.
You look.
Ready.
Well, I think we should all be prepared for good things after this meeting.
Yeah.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
I'm good to go.
I didn't get a smile like that in you, Mr. Croft.
Of course.
Mr. Croft was the fortune on the last project.
I have to make it up to him.
Let her in.
Mr. Bianchi.
I would like to share our proposal with you.
I think you'll be very happy with what we've put forth.
Glad to hear you're happy with the dividends.
Someone's messed with the numbers.
Mr. Bianchi, give me one more day to fix the proposal.
You've lost my trust.
I can't believe I wasted my pazonella on this girl.
Please, Mr. Bianchi, please.
Is that Keonti?
What do you know about a Keonti?
I love a good Keonti.
My known, I used to stomp the grapes yourself.
Are you from Tuscany?
Here goes nothing.
Yeah.
I am, actually.
I was raised there until I was 10.
Actually, I was two, and I barely remember anything.
So you tell him, this whole time in front of me
got plenty of Keonti.
You fancy a glass?
Well, no, Mr. Bianchi, I'm not much of a drinker.
You just told me that you loved a good Keonti.
Were you lying to me then?
I can't ruin this.
No.
No, of course not.
Let's do it.
Yes.
Let's have a glass.
Thank you.
Then we'll drink.
Then we can go over this proposal yours.
Great.
All right.
Elise, enjoy talking to it this kind of.
We make this partnership official.
Thank you, Mr. Bianchi.
Clyde!
Early, I missed you like crazy.
You're doing it?
Who was that?
Why don't Elise call and hang up?
Where are you going?
I've got some things to do.
Listen, hey, it's getting late.
I think you should get some rest too, OK?
The hell?
Why was Elise calling him so late?
She promised me that she wasn't into him.
Little whore.
Are you sealed the deal?
I'm just going to sit here and sober up.
You need a ride?
This is a crop, Tim.
Elise, your hands are freezing.
Is it skidding warmer now?
Hey, who made you drink this much?
No one.
I did it to seal your deal, Mr. Crog.
Right now, your safety is my deal.
When I first said my eyes on, that won't sound like that.
Isn't he answering a piece with Elise?
Elise, if you mess this up with me.
Sir, why are you holding my hand?
The other one is holding on to me, Elise.
Sir, it sounds so nice when you say my name.
You're sober now?
Listen, I swear.
If you ever get this wasted and I'm not there,
then you're going to be consequences.
Sir, did I ever tell you that you looked just like a boy I
saved from bullies when I was a kid?
You saved the boy from bullies?
No park 20 years ago.
What was the name of that park?
It was, it was, I can't remember.
Elise, come on.
You've got to think, think, think.
What was the name of that park?
Aliens came to Earth.
Pizza.
They want extra cheese.
Man, you're drunk.
I can't believe I'm going nuts over your gibberish.
Yeah.
Boss, I got a handle on what happened today.
It was Rod.
Good.
Let's put that guy in his place.
What's up, Andy?
Mr. Croft wants to see you.
He has some great news to share.
So, what's the good news, Mr. Croft?
Rod.
Hey, would you do us the honors and unwrapped?
That gift for us, please.
On it, Mr. Croft.